Bea: Previously on "Ponies."
-A small single-engined
aircraft crashed in a field
30 kilometers south of Moscow.
Both of your husbands
were on that plane.
-Right after Chris died. this
was in the pocket of his coat.
It says "Winged horse
over the entire world."
-The fuck does that mean?
-I don't think it's something
we can figure out
unless we go back.
I have experience translating.
-And I am very experienced
in foreign service.
-Now there is no reason for us
to bring more Americans
into the country. unless they're
key to our intelligence work.
-Then let us do that.
-We've been trying to turn
a Soviet agent.
Missus Grant.
you will interact with CK Solar.
This is what
you're gonna give him.
-Missus Hasbeck.
you'll be the lookout.
-I guess I'm going in.
-Take off your wedding ring.
Men will be more helpful
if they think you're single.
Dane: It's not a question
of if there is KGB around.
-Andrei Vasiliev.
-Uh-huh.
Dane: There will be.
[tense music]
[quiet conversation]
-Snowshoe's dead.
Is that him? Snowshoe's recruit?
-Is he always like that?
-Like what?
-Like he's having
a heart attack.
-Yes.
[speaking in Russian]
Winged horse
over the entire world.
[sighs]
[ominous music]
Oh.
[muffled] Oh.
♪
[Twila panting]
[dynamic music]
Oh!
[indistinct shouting]
♪
[panicked shouting]
[theme music]
[Twila sighs and pants]
-Twila. you could have
killed someone.
-I didn't know
his coat was flammable.
-Everything is flammable
once you light it on fire.
-Okay. well the guy's fine.
You could have been killed.
And I saved you.
so you're welcome.
-I am not ready to thank you.
-Ah. you’ll come around.
Bea: No. that man
in there was terrifying.
-Don't you just
love that feeling?
Oh. it's exciting.
It means we're alive.
-No. it means
we're about to be dead.
-I've seen that guy before.
-Really?
-Who is he?
-Yeah. I-- I don't know.
I ran into him
when I was out with Dane.
It was a-- it was a whole
dick measuring
spy guy thing with them.
I don't know. He's K.G.B.
I think his name's Andrei.
He's a bad guy.
I tried to warn you.
Winged horse. right?
-Over the entire world.
-Yeah.
-That bar is important.
-Bea: Was important.
It no longer exists now.
-I said I was sorry.
-Actually. you didn't.
[crowd clamoring]
[uptight music]
-You burnt the pub down.
-Well. I mean.
that's an exaggeration.
-I'm-- I'm sorry.
did I get that wrong?
Okay. how about we go with. uh.
you set the fucking pub on fire.
Is that an exaggeration?
-No. that is-- That's accurate.
Bea: How did you know
what happened?
-Are you following us?
-Missus Grant.
if we had an officer
who could follow you
without being followed himself.
we wouldn't need you
in the first place. would we?
-Huh?
-No.
-We scan radios.
And they said a Pub was on fire
in Slavyanskaya Square.
You're both very lucky.
do you know that?
Because unless
you're lying to me right now.
which I doubt you're capable of.
you did actually
meet with the agent
and give him the package.
correct?
-Yes.
-Correct.
-She did all of it.
-Pre-fire?
[both] Yes.
-Good.
Ray. we need to train them.
Just the bare minimum.
-How. though? You--
you can't exactly shortcut
-the entire C.I.A. training.
-He could.
-I'll call him in.
-Who? Call-- call who in?
-Did you use your cover?
-Yes.
[Dane sighs]
[Dane inhales
and exhales deeply]
To whom?
Andrei Vasiliev.
[Dane sighs]
["Elöre Nézz" by Skorpio]
♪ Mit tegyek. ha beborul az ég.
mondd el nekem! ♪
♪ Az életem. ha új útra tér.
♪ Áll még a harc mely
véget nem ér. mondd el nekem! ♪
♪ Az igaz embert füti a remény.
mondd el nekem! ♪
♪ Új eröt ad neked az értelem ♪
♪ Új úton. új gyözelem ♪
♪ Elöre nézz
és felejtsd el a múltat! ♪
♪ Elöre nézz.
hisz nem tehetsz te jobbat! ♪
♪ Ha elöre mész.
eldöntöd a versenyt ♪
[gags]
♪ Egy bukott dal után
egy új nap tavaszát kívánd ♪
[office din]
[intriguing music building]
Hm.
Cheryl: What are you eating?
-Hmm?
-[Cheryl sighs]
-The train comes from Sweden
with Western supplies
once a month.
-[Twila] Mm.
-Once a month.
This box was supposed
to last me the entire month.
-Then you're not eating enough.
-Okay.
If you have requests that you
would like to add to the list.
you can do so for next time.
-Twila. There you are.
I thought you defected
on your way to get my tea.
-Yeah. I was. uh. minutes away
from getting you that tea. sir.
-Don't call me sir.
my name is Shep.
And I got a big job for you.
Important.
George Tallman.
one of my oldest friends.
He went into business.
I picked the foreign servers.
but. you know.
I could have gone into business.
I mean. IBM. they recruited me.
I mean. they saw
what I had to offer
and they practically begged me.
but I just had to say no.
You know. I wanted
to change the world.
-Have an impact.
-You have. You are.
-He's now a Coca Cola VP.
their man in Europe.
Everything related
to Coca Cola in the continent
goes through George Tallman.
-Was there something
you needed me to do. or
-No. just show him a good time.
-A good time?
Yeah.
No. [laughs] God. no.
No. no. Nothing like that.
You're gonna
get me into trouble.
It's. uh. just dinner.
Tomorrow night at 7:00
at the Praga.
-7:00 p.m. I know.
-Oh.
-Amazing.
-Shep: Look at that face.
Naughty. No. he's a married man.
All right?
And wear something else.
Jesus. Maybe you talk
to her a little bit.
-Something with the hair.
-Of course.
-And get more of these.
You want one. doll? Here you go.
-I shouldn't. [chuckles]
[tentative music]
[buzzer]
[workers chattering]
[door slams shut]
["I Am a Dalek"
by The Art Attacks]
♪ Welcome back to planet Earth
♪
♪ The teetering of man ♪
♪ Welcome back to radio ♪
♪ That crazy alien plan ♪
♪ Oh. I am a Dalek.
I am a Dalek ♪
♪ I am a Dalek. I am a Dalek ♪
♪ Innovate (Exterminate) ♪
♪ Copulate (Exterminate) ♪
♪ Exterminate (Exterminate) ♪
♪ Kill! ♪
[retching]
[panting]
[retching. coughing]
["I Am a Dalek" continues]
[music stops]
-This is Emile.
He knows everything
about your arrangement with us.
-He's in French intelligence
and he is an expert
on Moscow rules.
-Moscow is different from every
other station in the world.
Again. it's the only reason
you're here.
-We get it. We're lucky.
-I mean. you are.
I know. I just said that.
-Okay. so he's not French.
-And my name is not Emile.
But to you. he will be Emile.
-In Moscow. they kill our men.
In America. we kill theirs.
So around here. we need to know
how to get our hands dirty.
if you know what I mean.
-I'm guessing
you're gonna teach us.
-Actually. this training
is just for Missus Grant.
-Oh. you want me to
-Yes.
-Yeah. okay. Mm-hmm.
-So
-That'll be all.
So if you're not
training me here.
you're-- what. you're gonna
send me home. right?
You can't.
Sure. you know.
I. uh. stumbled a little
my first time out.
and everything.
But I promise you.
that won't happen again.
Yeah. if you let me stay. I
I will-- I will do anything.
I will--
I will be a human target.
I have no boundaries. so..
-I've noticed.
-Please.
I would rather
die here than go back.
-Missus Hasbeck.
I'm not going to ask you
why that's the case. because
it's none of my business.
But honestly. it's irrelevant.
We're not sending you back.
-Okay.
I'll try
not to start any more fires.
-That fire was a good idea.
-Hm.
-You have good instincts
for field work.
-Thank you.
-Your lack of fear
is your value to us.
Arguably. your only value.
-Thank you.
-[elevator dings]
-Problem is. nobody likes you.
-Uh. excuse me?
Yeah. uh. sorry.
But what are you talking about?
People-- people love me.
-They laugh at your jokes?
-Yes.
-Think you're a fun night out.
-Yeah.
-Life and soul of the party?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah. it doesn't mean
they love you or trust you
or want to be close to you.
And that's
what they need to feel
if they're going to
give you information.
You need to be
a version of yourself
that opens up
and lets other people in.
You show them your softer side.
and they'll show you theirs.
That's how it works.
-Yeah. I don't. uh
I don't really have that side.
-Then find it.
That's why you're not out
with Missus Grant tonight.
She doesn't have that problem.
She has to learn
to shut her feelings off.
get her hands dirty.
But I suspect you've been
doing that your entire life.
This. uh. American executive
you're going out with
-Shep's friend.
-Yeah.
Every American in Moscow
is interesting to us.
Make Shep's friend like you.
That's your training.
-Okay.
-Emile: Now you go inside.
-Inside where?
-Apartment 415.
Look around.
Tell us what you see.
We need to get to know
the person who lives there.
Find out if he's trustworthy.
[Bea chuckles]
Is this a test or. uh
-Oh. no. no. no. no. no. Wait.
You want-- I-- I can't--
Emile: Only if you need to.
[Bea exhales sharply]
What. is he
is he-- is he in there.
-whoever lives in there?
-We will find out. won't we?
I was in Buchenwald.
And then in Auschwitz.
-My family was in the camps.
-Did they survive. your family?
-Oh. my-- my grandfather didn't.
but my-- my grandma.
my father did. yeah.
-Then they knew
what to do to survive.
So. will you..
Fourth floor. unit 15.
[suspenseful music playing]
[siren wailing in the distance]
[latch clicks]
[elderly woman
speaking in Russian]
[distant shouting]
[distant thud echoing]
[eerie music]
[door rattling]
[loud rumble]
[ominous music]
[music fades]
[dramatic music building]
-[door latch clicking]
-[gasps]
[water trickling]
[faint click]
["Stand Up And Fight"
by Tenaha-Tempson Bobo & Blair]
♪ You know there's gonna be
a revolution ♪
♪ You know we got no solution ♪
♪ We gonna stand up
and we're gonna fight ♪
♪ We're gonna take up
for all of you tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause we got rights ♪
[music fades]
[strained music]
[Sasha sighs]
[tense tone plays]
[sighs and scoffs softly]
-[water trickling]
-[Sasha groans]
[ragged breathing]
♪
[Sasha grunts]
[Bea panting]
Oh.
[troubled music]
[panting]
[panting heavily]
[groans] No.
♪
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[loud thud]
[pants and grunts]
-Now. you are not so clean.
[Bea panting]
["Stand Up And Fight" continues]
[classical music]
[people murmuring]
-Um
-Cheryl: Oh. there you are.
-What are you doing here?
-You forgot to see Shep on your
way out to get the cash.
To treat George
to dinner tonight.
So I had to drive
all the way out here.
And now I'm late
for my plans with Ray.
-So thanks.
-Okay. give me the money.
Mmm. Wow.
How good a time does Shep want
this guy to have?
Uh
-You really speak
no Russian. do you?
It is still so weird to me that
they hired you at the embassy.
-Is it?
So how gross. bald and sweaty
is this George guy gonna be.
do we think?
-Based on my experience with
Shep's Princeton friends. very.
Good luck.
-Ah.
-Hi.
-Twila Hasbeck.
-George Tallman.
-Hmm.
-Cheryl Szymanski.
-George Tallman.
-Hi.
-Oh. uh.
Shep only mentioned
one secretary.
Yes. it's like
when the factory puts two toys
-in the cereal box. right?
-[George laughing]
[phone ringing]
[phone keeps ringing]
[tense music]
-So she says. I won't have
dinner with you here.
but I would have had
dinner with you in Paris
because we met
the year before in Paris.
My buddy was eyeing her.
so I didn't ask her out.
-So I say
-"If I can take you
to Paris tonight. then
will you have dinner with me?"
-[scoffs] Wow. Wait. what?
How did you know that?
-I grew up down the road
from an air force base.
It's every pilot's move.
you know. if they can get you
to a second city.
they can get you into bed there.
-I'm that obvious?
How did you know
that I was a pilot?
-Oh. well. when I asked you
how your flight into Moscow was.
the first thing
you mentioned was
how the Aeroflot pilot
botched the landing.
My husband would never shut up
about Aeroflot pilots
and their landings.
-So your husband's a pilot then?
-He was. yeah.
-What is he now?
-Dead?
[Cheryl clears throat]
-I am going to go
to the toilette.
-[in French] Trés bien!
-Oh. yeah.
-I hate her.
Maybe. uh. don't tell Shep
that I said that.
-No. your-- your secret's
safe with me.
Um. I'm so sorry
about your husband.
And. you know.
How are you holding up?
It's fine. It's fine.
[sighs] Yeah. Actually
why am I always doing that?
I'm always saying
things are fine when
they're clearly not.
-[Twila laughs]
Tom and I were just
we were just so
-So in love?
-Yeah.
-How did you guys meet?
-I was going to Wellesley and.
uh. he was at Harvard and
we-- we met at a party.
Yeah. I-- I wasn't even
planning on going. but
my roommate dragged me and.
you know. thank God she did.
-[George chuckling softly]
-He just
he showed me the world was
so much bigger than my. um
than my parents little bakery
in Rhode Island.
And now I'm
worried my world's just getting
small all over again. so
-No. listen.
it doesn't have to be that way.
-You're young
-Oh. [scoffs]
-and when you're ready
-You're nice. you're kind.
-you can meet someone.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm ruining the mood.
You wanted a fun night out.
-Listen. stop.
I'd-- I'd take this over
-polite conversation any day.
-Cheryl: All right.
The bill has been taken care of.
courtesy of the U.S. Government.
-Okay? Is that allowed?
Cheryl: Oh. I don't know.
Guess you're gonna have to
put me in handcuffs.
-take me to jail.
-[Twila clears her throat]
-I'm gonna get my coat.
-I feel like I failed.
-Failed? At-- at what?
-The assignment. you know?
I was supposed to
show you a good time.
-I had a great time.
You're very easy
to talk to. Twila.
-Good evening.
Or good morning. rather.
-You put a phone in my apartment
without telling me?
-So he called you.
-Why did you do that?
Because if Nadiya Melnikova
is supposed to exist.
she needs
a phone number and a phone.
We gave her a paper trail.
but you need to be the one
to answer the phone.
so we connected
-a few wires and here we are.
-[Bea gasps]
-So what did he say?
-He asked me out.
-And you said?
-That I was busy.
-You were busy. You have time.
You found time to come here
in the middle of the night?
-Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm not doing that.
I am not going out with
[whispering] K.G.B.
-What did you think
this job was?
Do you realize
how important this relationship
-could be to us?
-No. no. no.
I'm not doing that.
I did not sign up for this.
And I did not sign up to break
into someone's apartment
that you told me
was on our side.
I never said
that CK Solar was on our side.
Sometimes you may
never know that
sometimes that's exactly
what this job is.
Look. I can see
that you're an emotional person.
but if we ask you to spy
on your own mother. you do it.
Your emotions
do not matter here.
Your relationships
-Oh. oh. oh.
I'm emotional. I'm emotional
when did you clock that?
At my husband's fucking funeral?
I'm not emotional.
-I don't care
why you're emotional.
incidentally.
we're not just testing you.
We're testing
Andrei Vasiliev too.
We test everyone all the time.
There's no
getting comfortable here.
Do you know
when people get killed?
-No.
-When they relax.
So. he called you. Good work.
I'll have a dead drop
ready for you
and Missus Hasbeck
in a few days.
I'll give you the details
when I have them.
-Get some sleep.
-No. I--
Twila: Okay. I'm not gonna
use the word seduce.
Cause you know that implies
that there was something
sexual about the interaction.
That's the thing. There wasn't.
-Bea: Okay.
-He didn't even wanna fuck me.
He just liked me.
-Bea: Yeah.
-As a person.
-Twila. I
-Yeah.
It's just a shame
I don't speak Russian.
you know. so I can't
interact with the locals.
Maybe I should
just learn a little.
Just a like a phrase or two.
So if we want to do
a tag team. you know.
something involving the K.G.B.
you know. obviously
he'll do most of the talking.
It might be like.
well. why isn't she talking?
And then we can just tell
I'm a little touched
in the head. or
-Twila. I'm leaving.
-What do you mean?
-I mean I'm going home.
I-- I-- I can't keep doing this.
They made me break into
our agent's apartment
last night.
-CK Solar.
-Oh.
Wow. I thought that.
uh. Emile guy
was just going to take you out
shooting or something.
-He was there. He didn't see me.
But he knew
someone was in his apartment.
He might have had a gun.
We don't know.
And neither do they because
they don't know him.
No one knows anyone here.
He might have stabbed me
with a kitchen knife
-Okay.
-before he saw it was me.
It might have happened.
It could have happened.
It was so close to happening.
I-- I just-- I can't.
-Look. Bea. I-- I don't know
what to tell you.
No one said
this was gonna be safe.
-I mean--
-No. I didn't say
-They're just trying to push us.
you know. make us better.
-Well. they pushed me too far.
Look. I'm not like you. okay?
I can't
-You can't what?
-do it.
-Huh.
I thought it was worth it to you
to find out
what happened to Chris.
But I guess
maybe you're happy not knowing.
Maybe
you can just live with that.
Maybe if it means
I get to live at all.
-Huh.
-Oh. I just
Just know that Chris
wouldn't want me to die
trying to figure out
why he died.
He would want me to move on.
So I'm gonna talk to Dane.
see if I can fly out tomorrow.
-Great.
Great. so I guess
this is my last day too then.
Considering
I'm useless here without you.
-I'm sorry.
-What about the dead drop?
-Yeah. that's tomorrow.
-They-- they--
they can just find
someone else to do it.
-Yeah. they're just gonna find
two other women by tomorrow.
That'll be easy for them.
yeah. that won't ruin
the whole operation. will it?
No. [sighs]
Come on. Bea.
You're really gonna
do this to me?
-I'm sorry.
-Fuck.
-Okay.
No. you know what?
You're gonna do it.
You're gonna do the dead drop
and then you can go home.
Yeah.
That's what you're gonna do.
Or else you're gonna be
fuckin' everyone over.
-You like that?
-No.
-So you'll do it?
-It's just a dead drop.
-Yeah.
It's just picking something up.
dropping something off
-Dropping off.
-not interacting with anyone.
-No surprises. no nothing else.
-No. Yeah. Yeah.
-Just literally just that.
-Just that. Yeah.
You can do it.
And then you can go.
-Oh. okay. so we'll do
-You'll do it.
Not to leave everyone
in the lurch.
That's why I'm doing it.
-Since you clearly have a net
for entertaining men.
I'd like you
to do it again tonight.
This time. no fancy dinners.
Apparently he's had
the tourist experience
and wants to see
the real Moscow.
-Meaning?
-I don't know.
-Take him where the locals go.
-Where's that?
-I really wish I knew.
-[knocking]
-Shep. [laughs]
-Cheryl.
-I had so much fun meeting
your friend last night.
George actually
invited me to join him
-and Twila for dinner.
-Shep: Yeah?
-So Yeah.
-He didn't mention it.
-[Twila chuckles]
-Actually. ladies.
I would love
to tell the guys back home
that I corrupted George Tallman.
So. bonus points if you ladies
get him drunk enough
to break some rules. all right?
-Okay.
-I'm looking at you.
Maybe-- maybe the-- the number
from the Christmas party?
-Hey. remember me?
-No English.
-Look. you can cut the shit.
I know you speak English.
-What do you want? Very busy.
-Just some information.
-You always want that.
-Yeah. well. I'm just wondering
what someone does for fun
around here.
you know. like a local.
I'm looking for a nightclub
or a discotheque.
You calling that here?
-For what?
-Dancing.
-No. for what will you give me
for the address of discotheque?
-Huh? Really?
Cut right to the chase. Okay.
-You're welcome.
-Ah. I don't like these.
No. I like "Hostess Ding Dongs."
-It's all the same ingredients.
-Ding Dongs
are dipped in chocolate.
Cupcakes is chocolate top.
-They're different.
-Come on.
I think we can both agree
this is gonna be better
than whatever. I don't know.
boiled turnip
you're gonna be eating later.
[sighs]
Yeah. that's what I thought.
Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-Ding Dong.
-They're cupcakes.
-No. I mean you.
You're the Ding Dong.
["The Night the Lights Went Out
In Georgia" by Vicki Lawrence]
♪ He looked through the screen
at the back porch door ♪
♪ And he saw Andy
lying on the floor ♪
♪ In a puddle of blood ♪
♪ And he started to shake ♪
♪ But the Georgia patrol
was making their rounds ♪
♪ So he fired a shot
just to flag 'em down ♪
♪ And a big-bellied sheriff
grabbed his gun and said ♪
♪ "Why’d you do it?" ♪
♪ And the judge said guilty
in a make-believe trial ♪
♪ Slapped the sheriff
on the back with a smile ♪
♪ Said supper's
waiting at home ♪
-Sanduny baths. twenty-two.
-♪ And I gotta get to it ♪
♪ That's the night that
the lights went out in Georgia ♪
♪ That's a night that they hung
an innocent man ♪
♪ Well don't trust your soul to
no backwoods Southern lawyer ♪
♪ Cause the judge in the town's
got bloodstains on his hands ♪
♪ Well they hung my brother
before I could say ♪
♪ The tracks he saw
while on his way ♪
♪ To Andy's house
and back that night were mine ♪
♪ That’s the night that
the lights went out in Georgia ♪
♪ Oh-oh. that's the night that
they hung an innocent man ♪
♪ Ah-ha. ha. Well don't trust ♪
["Rasputin" by Boney M.]
♪ There lived a certain man
in Russia long ago ♪
♪ He was big and strong.
in his eyes a flaming glow ♪
♪ Most people look at him
with terror and with fear ♪
♪ But to Moscow chicks.
he was such a ♪
Twila: This is it.
-Cheryl: Wow.
-George: It's amazing.
-Cheryl: I love it here. Yeah.
-George: Wow.
-I knew you'd show up.
-I didn't.
-Why is the music so quiet?
-It is always quiet
so people can listen to you.
-What if I don't want
people to listen to me?
-Then you must speak quieter.
- Ah. Cool place.
-Yeah. I feel overdressed.
-You must.
-[both chuckle]
Twila: Sure you don't
want to dance just loosen up.
George: Yeah. Maybe in a moment.
You know. I'm just
enjoying being here
and just taking it all in.
-Oh. uh
Sorry. my. uh. friend
just walked in.
so I'm gonna. uh.
I'll be right back.
-I'll be back.
-Yeah.
-[George sighs]
-So this is the cool spot. huh?
-What are you doing here?
-The dead drop. it's now.
-Now. now?
-Uh-huh. Right now.
-Okay. I'm. I'm supposed to be
entertaining this guy.
-Again?
-I know.
-Well. just let Cheryl do it.
Twila: Poor guy.
Okay. what do I tell him?
-Well tell-- Make an excuse.
-We really have to go.
-Okay.
-Big sip. You have to.
-Yeah.
-Beet vodka.
-[both chuckling]
-[George chuckle] It's so sweet.
-Excuse me.
-Uh. this is Bea.
-Oh. wow.
This is quite the welcome wagon.
-Oh. actually. I'm so sorry.
I can't stay. We can't stay.
-Yeah. we. uh--
-We really have to go.
-Before we go.
George is a pilot.
Yeah. we've been
talking aeronautics.
-Uh-huh.
-Oh.
-He's kind of an expert
when it comes to flights
and flight paths.
-Expert is a stretch.
I-- I-- I fly. I have a license.
-Oh. come on.
You could ask this man anything.
-Really?
-For example. here's something.
Do you ever just
get on your plane
and go nowhere in particular.
Just don't tell a soul
where you're going.
No broadcasting
the flight plans.
No latitude. longitude. nothing.
-Uh. I-- I've been--
I've been spontaneous.
-[George] Yeah. in my
-Oh. okay. Okay.
Uh. but there comes
a certain point in every flight
where you need
to broadcast your plans.
Uh. you know. if you're
going to land somewhere
you need lighting runways.
somewhere to put the plane.
Uh. every flight
has a paper trail.
-Yes.
-I don't know
-if that's interesting.
-A paper trail.
-See. I never would have known
this if we hadn't met.
Moscow. I learned
something new here every day.
It is just amazing
the information you can get
when you're in the right place
at the right time.
Bea: What was all that about
with the flight plans?
Did you find something out
about the plane crash?
Twila: Maybe.
If there even was a plane crash.
-Wait. you--
you think there wasn't?
-I don't know.
I'm just asking questions.
I mean. that's why we came back.
Oh.
-Bea: Hm-mm.
-Twila: We're looking for a bin.
-Bea: Yeah.
-Twila: Mm-hmm.
-There's a bin.
-Bea: Uh-huh.
Twila: Yeah. okay.
so you're gonna wait here
and then if anyone. you know.
comes in out of nowhere.
-just whistle twice.
-I can't whistle.
-What do you mean
you can't whistle?
[blowing]
No. Stop.
How-- how did you
never learn how to whistle?
-It's a very basic skill.
-My parents were immigrants.
They didn't teach me
how to whistle.
-Immigrants whistle. Bea.
How else do they round up
all the animals on the farm?
-What farm?
-I don't know.
It's old World. I'm assuming
there was a farm.
Huh.
-I'm gonna go in cold then.
-Mm-hmm.
-Uh-huh. Okay.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
-Did you get it?
-No. I got gum.
-What if they meant
the towel bin?
I think that's just a trash can.
What if they were expecting us
to find the towel bin
in the men's changing room?
-Moscow rules. Bea.
-[sighs] Moscow rules.
["I've Got the Music In Me"
by The Kiki Band]
♪ Ain't got no trouble
in my life ♪
♪ No foolish dream
to make me cry ♪
♪ I'm never frightened
or worried ♪
♪ I know I always get by ♪
♪ I got the music in me.
I got the music in me ♪
♪ I got the music in me ♪
♪ I got the music in me.
I got the music in me ♪
♪ I got the music in me ♪
♪ Yeah. I got the music in me ♪
[Bea gasps] Good job.
-The camera didn't work.
-What? What camera?
The camera we gave the agent
that you picked up last night.
it had a light leak.
-We-- we risked a lot
to get that package.
You're saying it was just
broken the whole time?
-Langley sometimes screws up
when it comes to technology.
-Well. great.
It's nice to know
that Langley is hit or miss
when it comes to stuff
we risk our lives for.
[sighs]
Dane: Tell the agent
that the exact focal distance
on this camera is 18.3 inches.
Any more or less. and the
pictures will not be in focus.
-Okay. Where am I meeting him?
-The Novodevichy Cemetery.
-Got it.
-I'm not sure
Bea's gonna be available.
I'm available.
Um. so does he know
to meet me there?
-Yeah. She's gonna tell him.
-What's this?
-It's a KitKat. Missus Hasbeck.
-What is it. really?
-It is a KitKat. Missus Hasbeck.
Really.
When the agent sees you
eating the KitKat
in front
of the GUM Department store.
he will know
to go to the cemetery.
-How-- how long
do I have to stand there for?
-Until he sees you.
-What if I finish
the KitKat before then?
-Eat slowly.
["Watching the Detectives"
by Elvis Costello]
♪ Nice girls.
not one with a defect ♪
♪ Cellophane shrink-wrapped.
so correct ♪
♪ Red dogs under illegal legs ♪
♪ She looks so good
that he gets down and begs ♪
♪ She's watching
the detectives ♪
♪ Ooh. it's so cute ♪
♪ She's watching
the detectives ♪
♪ When they shoot. shoot ♪
-Hi.
-I'm sorry to bother.
I'm in the room next to you.
-Oh. Uh. the smoking.
-Yeah. I--
-No. no. no.
I saw you got the room service.
-You are eating alone?
-Yes. I'm eating alone.
-Maybe we eat together?
Because we're both alone
and it is lonely in this hotel.
No? [chuckles softly]
-That's a very kind offer.
Uh. what's your name?
-Sveta.
But I have a flight
in the morning. so
-Oh.
-Yeah.
-All right. then. Are you sure?
-Okay.
-Yeah. So. uh
-Dosdevanya.
-What? Sorry?
Dosde-- dosde-- dosdeve--
-Dosdevedanya
-Dosvedanya.
-All right. then.
-Uh. yeah.
-Goodbye.
-Bye.
♪ She's watching
the detectives ♪
♪ Oh. he's so cute ♪
♪ She's watching
the detectives ♪
[sighs deeply]
♪ When they shoot. shoot ♪
♪ They beat him up
until the teardrops start ♪
♪ But he can't be wounded
'cause he's got no heart ♪
[music fades]
[Sasha sighs]
-Your hands. they're cold.
-You're supposed
to speak Russian.
-Well. I speak English.
-This one should work.
-[sighs] Should work?
I see American technologies
and Soviet technologies
have that in common.
-You have to set it
about 18 inches above
what you're taking a picture of.
-About 18 inches. Great.
-You can use this to measure
the distance.
memorize it.
and then burn the string.
Understand?
-Huh.
-My name is Sasha. by the way.
-We're not
supposed to share names.
-Well. can I call you something?
I'm pretty sure
your name isn't Nadiya.
Do you have a code name?
-Yes.
Nadiya.
[chuckles]
-Right.
What is my code name?
-Um
They
They call you C.K. Solar.
-Can I choose something better?
-What do you want
your code name to be?
-Radford.
-As in Robert?
-Uh-huh.
Clearly I don't make
the rules. but.
I mean. I can-- I can ask.
-Okay.
-Wait.
At the pub-- at the pub
where we met
-The pub that burned down?
-Yeah. that one.
Did you ever meet
anyone else there?
-No. I'm asking.
Did you ever meet a man
about your age?
Tall. dark hair?
-He was with another man?
-Uh-huh.
-A woman?
-A woman? What--
[distant chatter]
[sighs]
[tense music]
["Couldn't Bet It Right"
by Climax Blues Band]
♪ Time was drifting.
this rock had got to roll ♪
♪ So I hit the road
and made my getaway ♪
♪ Restless feeling.
really got a hold ♪
♪ I started
searching for a better way ♪
[both panting]
♪ And I kept on
looking for a sign ♪
♪ In the middle of the night ♪
♪ But I couldn't see the light.
no. I couldn't see the light ♪
[both moaning. panting]
♪ I kept on looking for a way
to take me through the night ♪
♪ Couldn't get it right.
I couldn't get it right ♪
[both moaning. panting]
♪ Philly's fever
made me feel alright ♪
♪ But I must admit
it got the best of me ♪
♪ Gettin' down so deep
I could've drowned ♪
♪ Now I can't get back the way
I used to be ♪
♪ But I kept on
looking for a sign ♪
♪ In the middle of the night ♪
♪ But I couldn't see the light
♪
♪ No. I couldn't see the light
♪ Kept on looking for a way ♪
♪ To take me through the night
♪
♪ Couldn't get it right.
I couldn't get it right ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[ominous music building]
♪
[Sveta grunts]
[Sveta yelps]
[chocking]
-[Sveta groaning and grunting]
-[Andrei panting]
-[Andrei grunts]
-[Sveta yelps]
♪
Twila: Out of curiosity
so I can.
you know. plan my life.
When are you telling Dane
you're leaving?
-Why do you think
there wasn't a plane crash?
-I don't know.
I found this thing.
-It was suspicious.
-Wait. what thing?
Tell me what the thing was.
-Oh. I probably shouldn't
since you're leaving anyway.
It'll just make things harder.
-Twila.
-Hm?
Tell me.
-I found a tape in my apartment
that was broadcasting a code.
Code that could have been flight
plans or I think something
to make someone think Tom
was broadcasting flight plans.
-Okay. stop. stop. stop. stop.
We should not be having
this conversation at the hall.
-You're right.
-You
Do you have wine?
-Who do you think I am?
-Okay. so go get it.
Bring it to my place.
-See you in a sec.
-Okay.
-All right.
-All righty.
[tense music]
[door latch clicking]
["Hanging On The Telephone"
by Blondie]
♪ I'm in the phone booth.
it's the one across the hall ♪
♪ If you don't answer.
I'll just ring it off the wall ♪
-So be honest.
-Hm?
-When you were
in his apartment. did you.
you know. want to look around.
snoop just a little?
-What? To see
if he was hiding something
or if he was a double agent?
-Double agent?
-He's a spy.
-Well. no. that's what they--
Isn't that what they say?
Don't they say. "double agent?"
-No. I think it's right.
-We should probably know.
-[phone ringing]
[Twila clears her throat]
-[knocking]
-[phone keeps ringing]
Is that coming
from the closet or
-Yeah.
-am I losing my mind?
-Uh-huh. so I was going to
tell you about that.
Could you--
Could you just give me one--
give me one second.
Hold that thought.
-[phone ringing]
-Twila: Sure.
♪ Oh. why can't we talk again?
♪
♪ Don't leave me hanging
on the telephone ♪
♪ I had to interrupt
and stop this conversation ♪
♪ Your voice across the line
gives me a strange sensation ♪
♪ I like to talk when I can
show you my affection ♪
♪ Oh. I can't control myself.
Oh. I can't control myself ♪
♪ Oh. I can't control myself ♪
♪ Don't leave me hanging
on the telephone ♪
♪ Hang up and run to me ♪
♪ Oh. hang up and run to me ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh.
run to me. yeah ♪